feat(genapi): update rate limits increase guidelines (#5221)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/generative-apis/reference-content/rate-limits.mdx

We actively monitor usage and will improve rates based on feedback.
If you need to increase your rate limits:
- [Verify your identity](/account/how-to/verify-identity/) to automatically increase your rate limit as described below

> - Use [Managed Inference](https://console.scaleway.com/inference/deployments), which provides dedicated capacity and doesn’t enforce rate limits (you remain limited by the total provisioned capacity)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use [Managed Inference](https://console.scaleway.com/inference/deployments), which provides dedicated capacity and does not enforce rate limits (you remain limited by the total provisioned capacity)
```
